               Great Idea, Great Product, great team, & Great Execution.

                When comes to luck. Luck is a random number between 1 & 10,000 . Literary that much but the interesting
                part of a startup is; if you fail on first time. you have a lot of learning & have great data to
                successes next time so If you fail again and again the probability to falling out decrease over time by
                10x, 100x, & even 1000x. It probably depends on how much hard were you excuted last time, Quality of your
                idea, rareness of product and passionate team/founders So if those things were right than the success probability is always high. It
                totally mean you will gonna win the luck.

                Make sure, you have great idea, great product(MVP), great team and great Execution. If you align
                this on one line, you will definitely win. The rare the idea the higher the chance of success with only by
                execution.Idea matter more when you are executing hard. A teriable idea with hard execution let you know where &
                eventually you will die in future. So Idea matters as much as execution.
                Startups are hard not because of overwork. It hard because you should do thing that you never imagined at all and you should
                repeat and repeate again & again. You can't tell 'oh I am burn out I don't want to do it right now'. It is a term
                used by many students.

                So, why startup is so hard ?
                If you delevering value, if you are delevering great product or service then everyone want to use your
                product and you should make more product/service to give others. In case you don't provide other behind
                your users than they start using other alternative and the competator grow well and then you will lose
                your customer in future because there is a thing called social effect " people are willing to admire something
                if they see other are admiring it as well".So you have no chance to stop because if you don't want to
                grow. It means you will die in future . That is why business or startup are hard .
                Because with growth on product you should grow your team, scale your technology, scale your
                infrastructure, scale your advertising and all other stuff to grow and this is so hard if you have no
                mentors or passion to lean things faster.

                That is why it so hard & that is why, people tell you choose what you love must or passionate about
                because that prevent you from burn out at the end money does not matter that much. <br>So, the point is
                Do or Die. If you don't scale you will eventually die anyway & choose what you love.
        
